Okay, early in the course we saw an
example of using Spring Data
repositories and we're going to go
through and set those up right now. And I
want to talk a little bit about our data
model and what we've done in setting up
our JPA data model. Now we set up Recipe
to cascade down to Notes and Ingredient.
So all operations between Recipe, so if
we do any updates on Recipe and anything
on the child objects of
notes and ingredients of Recipe, those
will get persisted down through the JPA
mapping because, I'll show you over here
just as a reminder. We went in and put
this cascade all on those relationships.
So for ingredients and notes, we are
using a CascadeType of ALL. So for that,
we set that up because that Recipe is
going to be our primary object and we'd
probably won't be working with
ingredients independently or notes
independently. So I don't see a use case
there in our little recipe application.
So with that in mind, going back to our
model, I don't see a need to set up
Spring Data repository for notes or
ingredients. Now Category, that is
something is going to be maintained
independent of Recipe as well as UnitOf
Measure. We're using that as a reference
table. So I don't see a need to set up
you know to measure either. So what we
can do is just set up Spring Data
repositories for Recipe, Category and
UnitOfMeasure. So I'm going to go over
and live code that now and step you
through that. So I'm going to come back
to IntelliJ and again, I like to set up
my repositories in a package called
repositories and let's start off with
setting up a Java class called Recipe
Repository. And this is going to be an
interface. I'll say okay there. I'm going to
add that to Git for you guys and now
we're going to use the Spring Data CRUD
Repository and you can see it takes in
two generics there - the T and the ID. So
the T is going to be the entity type and
the ID is going to be the ID type of the
entity and this way, Spring Data will
know how to construct this by using
reflection and Java generics. So I'm
going to go ahead and hit enter there
and we want to add in the Recipe and
everything that we did we used a Long for
the ID property. So that gives us the
crud repository for recipes. Now we need
to repeat that for UnitOfMeasure and
Category. So let's go ahead and create
the Category one. We're going to say
interface. Add that into GitHub. Extending
the CrudRepository and making sure that
we do have the right Category. You can
see on there several category classes
out there, so we're depending on Java's
packages, packaging in Java to get the
proper one. So it's getting out of my
domain package. Do it a Long there as well
and let's come in here and create the
final repository which will be UnitOfMeasure. And I want to point out that
this is a naming convention to end it
with a domain or the entity, followed by
repository. That is very common use case
or a convention as used it would
Spring Data. Personally I think if you
did something else it would just lead to
confusion amongst people who know Spring
Data.
Again we're selecting the entity type
followed by Long which is the ID
property. Just to do a refresh here so by
the ID, I am looking at that type that is
a second parameter there. And now this completes the setup of the Spring
Data repositories and I'm just
going to run it and make sure everything
comes up okay and Spring is still going
to bring these up even though we don't
have anything demanding a need for these
CRUD repositories. They have now been
created as Spring beans in the context
and if we had anything that needed them,
it would have got injected in there. So
we will set up a service layer coming up
but first I've got a couple other things
I want to show you about how to load
data in into the system. This time
rather than using Spring events, we are
going to use a data loading via Spring
Boot. Do I'm going to shut this down and
save this up to GitHub for you guys and
you'll be able to get the full example
of the three repositories that we just
added.